Added more details around reporting and selected architecture style (#20)
IlluminatePossibilities/TheGlobalVariables: README.md

*NOTE:* We will augment user data with geolocation data obtained through Amplify for more geo-specific recommendations.

Interactive reports for the data will be built using Vuejs templates. D3 will be utilized for presenting data visualizations, and in particular to make data-interactive experiences. These may include force-directed graphs to visualize connectivity tissue between parties, geographic heat maps, or the more familiar graph and circle charts. 

> Simply displaying data isn’t enough. The data needs to be interactive, clickable, and most importantly tell a story. Data should be peppered throughout the products workflows to help visually guide the users, not simply be a side-reporting engine. This amongst other technical reasons was why we chose d3, over external BI products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply displaying data isn’t enough. The data needs to be interactive, clickable, and most importantly tell a story. Relevant data should be clearly presented throughout the products workflows to help visually guide the users, and not simply be a side-reporting engine. This amongst other technical reasons was why we chose d3, over external BI products.
```
